Document required headers in reverse proxy setup (#3533)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/hosting/configuration/configuration-examples/webhook-url.md

# Configure n8n webhooks with reverse proxy

> n8n creates the webhook URL by combining `N8N_PROTOCOL`, `N8N_HOST` and `N8N_PORT`. If n8n runs behind a reverse proxy, that won't work. That's because n8n runs internally on port 5678 but the reverse proxy exposes it to the web on port 443. In that case, it's important to set the webhook URL manually so that n8n can display it in the Editor UI and register the correct webhook URLs with external services. When running n8n behind a reverse proxy youx should also set `N8N_PROXY_HOPS=1` and ensure the last proxy on the request path sets the [`X-Forwarded-For`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/X-Forwarded-For), [`X-Forwarded-Host`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/X-Forwarded-Host), and [`X-Forwarded-Proto`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/X-Forwarded-Proto) headers correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
n8n creates the webhook URL by combining `N8N_PROTOCOL`, `N8N_HOST` and `N8N_PORT`. If n8n runs behind a reverse proxy, that won't work. That's because n8n runs internally on port 5678 but the reverse proxy exposes it to the web on port 443.

When running n8n behind a reverse proxy, it's important to do the following:

* set the webhook URL manually with the `WEBHOOK_URL` environment variable so that n8n can  display it in the editor UI and register the correct webhook URLs with external services.
* Set the `N8N_PROXY_HOPS` environment variable to `1`.
* On the last proxy on the request path, set the following headers to pass on information about the initial request:
    * [`X-Forwarded-For`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/X-Forwarded-For)
    * [`X-Forwarded-Host`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/X-Forwarded-Host)
    * [`X-Forwarded-Proto`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/X-Forwarded-Proto)
```
